Updated content (#1026)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/finance/staff-member-expenses/how-to-spend-company-money.md

4. You may privately use Mattermost property, a laptop for example, to check your private emails or watch a movie as long as it does not violate the law, harm Mattermost, or interfere with Intellectual Property.
5. It's generally easiest and fastest for you to make any purchases for office supplies yourself and expense them. If you are unable to pay for any supplies yourself, please reach out to [People Ops](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/ask-people-team).
6. If you make a purchase that will cost Mattermost 1000 USD \(or over\), this is classified as company property. You'll be required to return the item\(s\) if you leave the company.

> 7. [Use Expensify to file your expense report](https://handbook.mattermost.com/education/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money/how-to-use-expensify) in the same month that you made the purchase in. Please combine multiple expenses on one report if possible. Please refrain from submitting expenses older than 3 months. Please do you best to submit your expenses in a timely manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. [Use Expensify to file your expense report](https://handbook.mattermost.com/education/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money/how-to-use-expensify) in the same month that you made the purchase in. Please combine multiple expenses on one report if possible. Do not submit expenses older than three months. Please do your best to submit your expenses in a timely manner.
```
